---
title: "Advancements and Prospects in Dialogue Agents and LLMs"
collection: talks
type: "Invited Talk"
permalink: /talks/24/07/2023-bosch2023
venue: "Bosch Center of Artificial Intelligence (BCAI)"
date: 24/07/2023
location: "Renningen, Germany"
---

In this talk, we will delve into the exciting advancements and prospects within the fields of Dialogue Agents and Language Model Models (LLMs). As the landscape of natural language processing and artificial intelligence continues to rapidly evolve, these two areas play pivotal roles in transforming human-computer interactions and enabling more sophisticated language understanding and generation.

The first part provides an encompassing overview of recent research achievements, covering three key areas. Firstly, we explore cooperative dialogue agents, which implement diverse collaboration methods such as model, data, user, and language collaboration. These methods aim to foster more dynamic and context-aware conversational interactions, with significant implications for chatbots, virtual assistants, and other dialogue-based applications in various domains. Secondly, we focus on trustworthy systems, enhanced by uncertainty estimation and faithfulness evaluation, which have garnered increased attention in recent years. Understanding the uncertainty of model predictions and evaluating their faithfulness to the input data are vital for enhancing model trustworthiness, particularly in sensitive and high-stakes applications like medical diagnostics, legal judgments, and industrial decision-making. Lastly, we delve into domain-tailored LLMs, tailored for specific applications such as medical treatment, legal judgment, and industrial assembly. These specialized LLMs offer remarkable potential in providing contextually relevant and precise responses in specific domains, showcasing the power of customized language models.
The second part of the talk focuses on exploring promising research prospects, including &quot;Faithfulness / Uncertainty Estimation,&quot; &quot;Multimodal LLMs,&quot; and &quot;LLM Powered Autonomous Agents.&quot; These prospects hold great potential for shaping the future of dialogue systems and language models. 
